Isn't that the real daughter Shen Jia just got back?
Look at that outfit
Shen Jia is really willing to throw money at him
An An is the richest man in the Dragon Kingdom today
The return banquet of the daughter of the Lu family
You have to build a good relationship with Lu Qianjin, right?
His four older brothers are all dragons and phoenixes among men
If you can marry us and fall into our Shen family
And you became famous.
Don't worry, mom.
There is no man in this world that I can't take
Oops, my little girl is so genuine
Then let's go, brother, let's go
What!
I'm trending again
Little sister, I'll make a call and come to you in a while.
Yo
This is not just by our Shen family
The fake daughter who was kicked out?
Sister, you are not staying in Shenzhen.
What are your families doing here?
Dress well
Turned out to be a redneck
I'm afraid this outfit is fake
If you owe money, you won't get out.
shameful
Anemia you